Intro to team	
	Since time was limited, we decided to focus on GA	
Objective
	If we get an insurance client or insurance seekers, what data client would seek?
	Where we got the data
		USA data from Kaggle
		2 websites.
		
Analysis
	1. Accidents by locations
		City --Show
		County
		Zip
		Street-- Show
		insurance company will decide based on your address locations
	2. Traffic Signals By City & Street
	

As of now, we looked our data by Accidents Counts, but we also need to know the time frame of it
We pulled this data from CSV...
SO, lets look at the data by time.. so that we can analyze it by that..17 & 18
		Year -- 
			For year 17 & 18, as per data, accidents are higher in Apr/May/Jun/Jul whereas as year progresses Oct/Nov/Dec accidents are more
				It may be because of Day Light Saving as Day becomes smaller, ppl drives in night.
				Or may be because of holidays
				Or Weather
				
			Filter for 17 & 18 accidents and data says same.. more accidents in Apr/May/Jun/Jul
		Month
			Filter for 2018 & Dec month
		Day
			Data says more accidents happens on Weekdays 
		Time
			Also, 73% accidents happens in Day whereas 27% happens in Night time
				Filter for Night on Pie/ as it shows more accidents on year ends more
			
			Show the data by Night in month of May-2018 & Dec-2018
			
Weather
	More accidents happens when weather is not clear
	
Heat Map
		AS of now we looked at the data by Accidents Counts/Time & by Weather... but lets look at the same by Geographical / Density
		
		
		Zoom in for GA Tech--- heat map shows more accidents highways
			Enable Geo Layer just to show the county
		Filter it for Traffic Signals-- and concentration on highways will go away.. and will move internally in downtown 
		
Population
	Make sure Access Control Plugin is enabled
	So, this data is derived from joining 2 data sets.. Accidents and Population by City & County
	Since we wanted to see, if more population leads to more accidents .. we thought of creating a scatter chart which can show the co-relation between accidents and population
	As per data, atlanta is outlier.. as other cities in GA don't have same trend
	Same is the observation when you check the data by county
	As per this analysis we can not really say more population leads to more accidents
